outstanding effort maybe not as good on
special teams that would have liked but
other or not it was outstanding effort
by our guys and we came here for a
reason
you know we said that you know we
believe when maybe then maybe never you
know everybody else never believed this
or whatever but we believe we work too
hard to get back here we came here for a
reason we thought we were the better
team now clearly that Monday night game
we weren't they were clearly head and
shoulders better than we were but I knew
that if we applied ourselves and and we
play the way we're capable of playing we
could beat them and that's exactly what
happened so we're moving on same old
Jets going the AFC championship game two
years in a row the only difference is we
plan on winning this one